sjm-022:Keep this one in your drawer for the next time the boss gives you a HARD time .
sjm-034:She recommends continuing education courses ,  developing effective people skills and HARD work .
br-g17:<s snum=28>The phrase ``consent of the governed'' needs a HARD look.
sjm-131:He 's a good friend ,  and hopefully the HARD work he has done on his swing is going to pay dividends for him .
sjm-129:`` What we do is really show the slapstick side that still works with the interpretation ( of the play )  ,  so kids see how much fun Shakespeare is -- because he 's ( often )  associated with HARD academic disciplines , " Orlando said .
sjm-115:As an antidote to the dependency of this identity he routinely advocates the classic values of HARD work ,  individual initiative and self-reliance -- even as bigotry is continually resisted .
sjm-227:( box )  COMMENT :  `` ( The game-winning single )  is a compliment to all the HARD work , " Moreau Coach Mike Bungarz said .
lob-A4:it is therefore on real HARD cash that he bases his argument that if Manchester is ready to pay the top price of , say , 25 s a seat , and fill the theatre , Manchester can expect more of the world-famous ones - always provided that her claims do not unhappily conflict with those of La Scala , New York's metropolitan opera , Vienna , Venice , Paris , San Francisco , and the rest of the world's leading opera houses .
sjm-051:But HARD lines are n't Hook 's style .
sjm-176:It took Hoffmann and another teacher a year to persuade him to take HARDER classes .
sjm-127:I have taken a long ,  HARD look .
sjm-108:A minority of dissenters says that while wild habitats indeed are disappearing -- and species with them -- because of human expansion ,  the supposed magnitude and rate of the extinctions are unsubstantiated by HARD evidence and probably have been exaggerated .
br-f10:<s snum=67>``That's a lot of HARD-earned money to lose'', he says today.
br-e23:<s snum=2>And like this English master, Mason realizes his subjects in large, simplified masses which, though they seem effortless, are in reality the result of skilled design born of HARD work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them.
sjm-048:That has left their faces as HARD as the lives they come from and their passions as heated as the desert air .
sjm-276:We move toward the next century more confident than ever that we have the will at home and abroad to do what must be done -- the HARD work of freedom .
sjm-017:There is no question he came up the HARD way ,  but there has been some question about the accuracy of his version .
sjm-080:You have probably noticed that virtually all cities ,  including some real armpits ,  like to boast that they have museums and symphonies ,  which are of course the last things that you really want at the end of a HARD day of traveling .
lob-C1:no one could have been more courageous , more HARD-working , more fair-minded , more amiable .
sjm-098:A clearer ,  HARDER ,  tougher national self-assessment .
sjm-082:Davies said authorities here had long suspected Sjonborg in Wilde 's slaying but lacked HARD evidence until his estranged wife came forward Sept. 6 and recanted an earlier alibi she had given Sjonborg for the day of Wilde 's death .
sjm-090:Your self-discipline ,  diligence and HARD work are exemplary .
sjm-039:They look old and dumpy ,  with stolid ,  HARD faces .
sjm-273:I don't know if you would call it luck ,  or just plain HARD work -- it was probably a combination of both -- but your mother and I put in a lot of hours and ended up with a very successful business .
sjm-164:It was HARD work ,  recalls John A. Breeding ,  a year younger than Lester and now a resident of Live Oak .
sjm-061:The hearings forced Tim Stead ,  37 ,  a supervisor at a San Jose manufacturing plant ,  to take a HARD look at his past treatment of women .
sjm-252:She said Mr. Daly was `` a HARD news man '' who had become dismayed by recent trends in journalism .
sjm-103:If others in Silicon Valley are encouraged and richly rewarded for HARD work and perseverance ,  why should teachers be singled out and condemned ?
sjm-064:Even with its joyous moments ,  songs such as `` Something to Talk About , " `` Good Man ,  Good Woman '' and the sultry `` Slow Ride , " `` Luck of the Draw '' asks tough questions and takes a HARD look at the never-ending balance between ideals and realities .
sjm-103:But the administration wants HARD evidence the Soviets are moving to a free market economy ,  before more massive aid is considered .
lob-E4:proposing the toast of the guests , Mr Thomas Lonsdale , said the catering industry today required brains , but pointed out that the capacity to absorb technical knowledge differed from the HARD realism of routine catering , which demanded not only brains and skill , but common sense and understanding of human nature as well as the highest possible degree of courtesy .
sjm-138:TO THE mix of HARD facts ,  horoscopes and advice offered at the end of 900 lines ,  a group of mainline Christians is adding another choice :  comfort and inspiration .
sjm-273:Wilson needs to take a HARD look at just how the state is spending its resources when it comes to the poor ,  elderly and disabled .
sjm-196:Our grandmothers might have described her as a HARD woman ,  but today she was trying desperately to recapture yesterday 's ingenue .
br-n02:<s snum=150>The clouds parted and HARD gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow.
sjm-097:Her friend commiserates :  `` No way to avoid HARD work. ''
sjm-215:Fellow council members praised Rogers for HARD work and dedication .
sjm-102:Professors in HARD-science disciplines ,  such as engineering ,  were found to be more satisfied with their jobs than their colleagues .
br-j61:<s snum=38>Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us; but to make it stiffer, of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking, we added a little hydrated lime- HARD on the hands, but we could see no other disadvantage.
sjm-106:I invite anyone with HARD information from Kuwait that contradicts our preliminary findings to get it to us as quickly as possible .
sjm-021:Evidently ,  when you came up with the solution of owning your own home ,  you forgot to add patience to HARD work .
lob-L3:and so you did of me , Jane thought , with a sudden , uncharacteristically HARD perception .
sjm-057:The Chevy engined stalled ,  Mears said ,  because it failed to pick up fuel after Mears took it down the hill and made the HARD left turn toward the checkered flag .
sjm-057:`` It 's a force that 's designed to take a HARD look at the capabilities of potential opponents around the world. ''
sjm-215:`` All that HARD work I did in spring training paid off . . . ''
sjm-014:He said Tuesday there are no HARD feelings .
sjm-154:While not denying his obvious sex appeal ,  Bolton has clearly earned his position of prominence ,  artistically and commercially ,  in the music industry through his tremendous talents as a singer and songwriter and many years of HARD work and dedication .
sjm-032:Yet ,  with HARD work and the ability to live within their means ,  they have produced what is seen now .
lob-L3:but when she finished his eyes were HARD .
sjm-120:Corporate information systems managers need to take a good ,  HARD look at what people need and then develop simple ,  useful applications that deliver up-to-date information into knowledge workers ' hands .
sjm-097:However ,  a HARD look at the current career path system shows that it does not work .
sjm-171:`` So ,  for the time being ,  adios ,  no HARD feelings. ''
sjm-087:All Californians need to take a long ,  HARD look into themselves and stop hiding behind fuzzy ,  `` liberated '' notions of freedom .
sjm-051:Home :  A `` rustic '' older home on four acres in Woodside that gets a lot of `` HARD '' use ,  he says .
sjm-251:These people and their backers played no part in the HARD work of collecting 19 , 000 signatures for recall .
br-g60:<s snum=113>The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society, a little fortress of kindness for each other in a HARD world.
sjm-267:Disagreement over other matters has kept HARD feelings from dying ,  she said .
sjm-271:In its cover piece ,  the current People magazine takes a HARD look at the pair ,  who don't see each other very often anymore -- at one point royal watchers figured they had n't been together for 39 days .
sjm-083:`` Pro athletes never know how good they have it until they have to face some kind of HARD reality .
sjm-070:Yuh 25 ,  unaccustomed to the HARD edge of New York humor ,  found Breslin 's remarks sexist .
sjm-143:School discipline ,  HARD work and right-from-wrong were of the highest priority .
sjm-045:Ironically ,  she says ,  just when her consulting business is firmly established and could be run from any location ,  the couple are taking a long ,  HARD look at each one 's career potential .
sjm-026:`` I'm here to do my job ,  and that 's it , " said Dickerson ,  who admitted he still has HARD feelings toward the Colts ' management .
sjm-083:But on Sunday ,  after two weeks of HARD thinking ,  Blondie Bumstead entered the workforce as . . . a caterer .
sjm-215:But industry analysts in Japan say IBM faces a HARD fight in the Japanese market ,  where price competition for notebook computers is fierce and loyalty to Japanese brands runs deep .
sjm-115:Even the most radical professors require HARD work and self-reliance from their students .
sjm-067:Further ,  any institution that 's got real estate and oil and gas and takes a HARD look at it this year and does n't write it down has a very peculiar portfolio , " Meyer said .
br-n01:<s snum=9>The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was HARD work.
sjm-047:Corrections counselor Ric Hyland ,  who did HARD time for armed robbery 25 years ago ,  stood shoulder to shoulder with the 31-year-old groom ,  whose criminal record includes 42 misdemeanor and four felony convictions for drug and alcohol- related crimes and three terms in San Quentin .
lob-C1:demure one moment , HARD and decisive the next , she caught the dual sides of a complex character .
sjm-153:But HARD work ,  he concludes ,  is n't sufficient to recover or create a winning formula .
lob-G7:parents perhaps fall into three sections ; those who were glad to finish formal education at 14 or earlier , those who obtained a professional qualification `` the HARD way '' under the traditional English system , and those who remember their own University - and for most this would be Oxford , Cambridge or a London medical school .
sjm-105:Attorneys for William Lucas Barker were unsuccessful in their bid to have their client 's charges dismissed on the grounds that there is no HARD scientific proof that he has AIDS .
sjm-014:Recently at a workshop of Tri-Valley Citizens Against a Radioactive Environment ,  I heard a physicist from the lab comment that the project may well be mothballed after completion because the Soviets already have much excess capacity to produce enriched uranium using other technology and ,  given their desperate need for HARD currency ,  they would be willing to undersell anyone on the planet .
sjm-058:The task force will take a HARD look at the funding ,  programming and academic support SJS must have to enhance a Division I program .
sjm-130:THANKS to the HARD work of diligent researchers ,  the classic two-reel comedies of the legendary Chick Morton and Eddie Hayes ,  long believed lost ,  have been discovered in a forgotten film vault and tonight they 'll begin an unprecedented revival on CBS .
sjm-276:We are Americans :  We have a unique responsibility to do the HARD work of freedom .
br-p24:<s snum=150>Suddenly his voice grew HARD.
sjm-032:And officials there have no incentive to look HARD at effectiveness ;  drug programs are simply paying the Air Force and Navy for the flying and steaming they would be doing anyway out of their own budgets .
sjm-022:We learned the HARD way ,  by trial and error ,  but we learned .
lob-R1:so I clung to this shadowy Mardonius , simultaneously a HARD , noble Greek soldier and a soft , curling-lipped Persian tyrant ; bearded and clean-shaven ; on both sides at once , a faint ghost-Mardonius in the sky ; a potentiality , only half-real .
sjm-114:They played all the songs from their successful album ,  `` Schubert Dip , " with a HARDER edge than on record .
sjm-275:`` More importantly ,  it will create an effort- and performance-based system which will send a message to all students that HARD work pays dividends ,  that learning is important ,  and that tough courses are the path to success , " Cooperman said .
sjm-064:The truth is that any Arab who tries to make a stand which is somewhat more moderate than the HARD line will be killed .
sjm-103:No HARD feelings developed and within months Rosenberg followed Cooley to Seafirst ,  Washington state 's largest bank .
sjm-263:THE LAST WORD ;  Water smart ;  With severe water rationing hanging over our heads ,  take time for a HARD look at your garden to weed out the wimps .
sjm-266:Now two research psychologists at the University of California ,  Santa Cruz ,  who just happen to be married to each other ,  want to take a HARD ,  scientific look at one of the more interesting aspects of amore .
sjm-195:Over the years ,  Charlie 's seen just about every way a human life can end -- heart attack ,  stroke ,  car accident ,  hanging ,  suffocation ,  crib death ,  drowning ,  even a few murders -- and just about every way the survivors deal with that HARD reality .
sjm-047:Both Pretel and his bride are covered with tattoos ,  prison imprimaturs of HARD time served .
sjm-203:Amid HARD feelings over the failed merger ,  legal squabbling began over Disney 's use of Henson characters at Disney theme parks .
sjm-176:As lawyers for both sides churn out briefs ,  the lot sits dusty and vacant ,  home to one lanky eucalyptus and a lot of HARD feelings .
br-k12:<s snum=36>With a HARD eye, she informed Moll: ``Don't sure 'nuff me, officer.
sjm-242:It 's very HARD work .
sjm-066:Almost everything was rendered in a HARD ,  fast ,  ham-fisted manner that was about as subtle as a kick in the gut .
sjm-044:A HARD look at the status of women in the workplace shows :  ;  ( check )  Record numbers of women are entering traditional male professions ,  such as law ,  business and medicine .
sjm-079:Tom Fast ,  of Scotts Valley ,  stepped out of the crowd into a HARD embrace .
sjm-108:After the first blush of allied unity ,  look for a divergence of views between Washington and Berlin on how to deal with the HARD new men in the Kremlin .
sjm-114:While Taylor had remained the leading candidate to succeed Seidman ,  Bush told reporters last week after Seidman 's resignation that he had decided to `` start over and take a HARD look. ''
sjm-103:`` We were looking at a show that was making a real HARD turn for the worst , " said Busfield .
sjm-156:The means to create community ,  from mutual acceptance to creating an open and responsive political process ,  a sound educational system ,  and forums in which community members can work through key issues ,  are all achievable at least to some degree through persistence and HARD work .
sjm-245:`` We are taking a HARD look in other ways we can generate additional revenues , " she said .
sjm-032:My pre-Monkees singing had a little HARDER edge  .
sjm-034:hunting everywhere for ways to save money on employee health insurance -- are taking a HARD look at two-income couples .
sjm-181:`` He said that he thought this was an indication that there was still HARD feelings toward some segments of the community , " he said .
sjm-082:The new honey-haired Somers is just as sexy ,  but she 's now thoughtful ,  articulate and self-assured without the HARD edges of the past .
sjm-206:Besides ,  they say ,  the way to win in Palo Alto is with credibility and HARD work ,  not fancy mailers .
sjm-041:As with many such breakthroughs ,  the researchers would prefer to talk about the HARD science and leave the extravagant marketing claims to others .
sjm-266:At least Ophelia gave her a chance to go mad ,  which she says is HARD work .
sjm-126:The map at right ,  approved by a majority of the committee ,  was the product of HARD work conducted in public by people trying to do the right thing .
sjm-143:He also praises the efforts of his grandfather ( his sister lived with other relatives after his father walked out on the family when Thomas was 7 )  ,  who believed that HARD work ,  faith in God and moral values could overcome any adversity .
lob-N2:it 's making you HARD , Joyce .
br-n20:<s snum=62>Her laugh was HARD.
sjm-201:Equation for success ;  His equation is simple :  determination + discipline + HARD work &equals ;  success .
sjm-214:The mayor chalks up the McClain controversy to `` misunderstandings and HARD feelings. ''
sjm-201:The book 's goal ,  he writes ,  is to suggest that `` with study and HARD work ,  first-time buyers can often reduce the need for capital ,  substitute guarantees for cash and borrow money even with limited incomes. ''
sjm-073:`` Just assume there 's going to be HARD feelings. ''
sjm-129:Through HARD work and luck ,  we have been able to accumulate a considerable net worth .
sjm-261:The Turtles also learned a lot about the benefits of diligence and HARD work on their way to rock stardom ,  Raphael says .
lob-K1:he found himself more and more surprised that any person could bear to be HARD to another .
sjm-117:`` I believe in logic ,  reason ,  HARD work , " he says just before Proctor sinks up to his eyelashes in quicksand .
sjm-149:No offense to Okun ,  who probably is a good guy and as charming as Grover says ,  but he is a publicist ,  and this is supposed to be a HARD look at the company he works for .
sjm-058:Lacking HARD data ,  social scientists and poll takers offer an array of educated ,  often contradictory ,  guesses to explain the widespread support for Thomas among women .
sjm-254:I'm sure this provides hours of enjoyment for urban professionals ,  who ,  after a HARD day of wrangling sales reports ,  can mosey back to their condominiums ,  rustle up a mess o ' sushi ,  and spend an old-fashioned Western-style evening analyzing their jean damage .
sjm-035:It was only when additional HARD intelligence data appeared two years later that the Pentagon and much of the rest of the State Department were informed of the suspicious Algerian reactor .
sjm-100:Some people must get their lumps the HARD way and apparently your daughter is one of them .
sjm-154:They 're convinced the only reason cities and counties can't find enough qualified Asians to hire is that they 're not looking HARD enough .
sjm-114:But the state of California wants to take a long ,  HARD look at trip-related health and accident insurance to determine if its sale to people 65 and older should be subject to greater regulation .
sjm-276:Yet the study suggests that the lawsuits ,  legislation ,  HARD work and money spent in the 1970s began to show results in the marine environment during the 1980s .
sjm-147:And there 's no HARD evidence to suggest how feathers were developed .
sjm-265:Sears announced the actions as its board began a two-day meeting that was expected to take a HARD look at the flagging retailing business and search for a way to regain lost customers and profits .
sjm-113:But HARD economic facts will .
sjm-092:He has extolled the values taught him as a youth -- a good education ,  HARD work and discipline -- and warned young blacks never to forget `` the blood of the ( civil rights )  marchers ,  the prayers and hope of our people. ''
sjm-132:`` So I surely don't have any HARD feelings. ''
sjm-254:It is critical then ,  to open a wide debate on the future of American foreign policy ,  and that demands a HARD look at the Bush Doctrine as outlined by the president ,  Secretary of State James Baker and National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft .
sjm-090:Sen. Christopher Dodd ,  D-Conn. ,  told a Senate Banking subcommittee that the Salomon scandal `` has forced all of us -- regulators and the Congress -- to take a long ,  HARD look '' at the auction process .
sjm-222:I remember the HARD work I had put in ,  the great hopes I held ,  and the disappointment when I made a mistake .
sjm-218:It 's the smaller companies that are taking a HARD look at the overall security operation , " said Mark Giudici ,  senior industry analyst for Dataquest Inc. in San Jose .
sjm-014:When he died in a plane crash in 1982 ,  the kids took over the company and have dedicated their HARD work to his memory .
lob-E4:these changes vary from head to head , so that no HARD and fast rules can be made when applying colour , and the results will vary considerably , according to the condition of the hair .
sjm-231:`` There 's no HARD feelings ,  no bitterness , " he said .
sjm-072:Even as there are no breakdowns ,  bankruptcies ,  suicides ;  In alumni magazines ;  So in the pages of the old there are no HARD complaints ,  ;  Nothing to share but reminiscences ;  Of everything not there ,  or true ,  any more .
sjm-012:The court found little HARD evidence to support a distinction between powdered cocaine and crack -- HARD pieces of highly purified cocaine that have been prepared for smoking .
sjm-186:NOW -- and only now -- is it time to take a HARD look at the Warriors and their coach and general manager ,  Don Nelson .
sjm-210:He advised them to take a HARD look at community organizations to propose the elimination of those that duplicate services .
sjm-206:In the long run ,  no one doubts that those who have invested four years of HARD study and up to $100 , 000 for a college degree will get good jobs eventually -- perhaps later this year if the recession eases -- and that they will be spared the grinding unemployment and poverty that often faces those with limited or no higher education .
sjm-158:For the teen-agers ,  the project has been more than just HARD work .
sjm-025:While the strongest international response to date has been economic sanctions on Yugoslavia by the European Community ,  earlier this month President Bush said the United States was `` taking a HARD look '' at its option to follow suit .
lob-A3:`` HARDER work is needed ; but above all we need more drive and better direction , more efficiency and economy in our effort . ''
lob-P3:his father , who was HARD at work at his desk , did n't notice the time passing and it was well past six when he looked at the clock .
sjm-015:The sky is a HARD enamel blue despite the autumn odds ,  and Robin Williams engages in some dry humor .
sjm-141:`` He was able to handle situations and people without causing HARD feelings or escalating the situation. ''
sjm-276:He depicted the war as part of the `` HARD work of freedom '' familiar to Americans .
sjm-222:TAMMY Harmon still remembers her mother hovering around her ,  years ago ,  when she came home from a HARD day 's work and propped her feet up on the couch .
sjm-081:I told him ,  'Just play like you did in Double-A. ' " ;  General Manger Al Rosen said Clayton will get `` a HARD look '' next spring .
sjm-142:If the office milieu is timeless ,  why should n't there be a typewriter ?  -- except that scrivening is so much a pre-automation profession ,  HARD on the eyes ,  labor-intensive and dull beyond compare .
sjm-092:Craig also is willing to take a HARD look next spring at rookie pitchers Paul McClellan ,  who allowed the Cubs just four hits over seven innings Saturday ,  and Bryan Hickerson ,  who gave up two runs over five innings Friday .
sjm-067:`` It caused a very ,  very HARD look to be taken at our county 's child welfare system , " Keeley said .
sjm-130:She said the `` HARD number '' is 11 , 607 .
sjm-210:`` Starting last year and every year from now on ,  we 'll be looking HARD at young quarterbacks , " offensive coordinator Mike Holmgren said .
lob-C1:whereas everything in Boccaccio is HARD , elegant and general , in Chaucer it is muted , peculiar , full of objects that are unexpected and yet oddly characteristic . ''
sjm-040:British Prime Minister John Major said the moves meant the EC was `` dismantling its ties with Yugoslavia , " and President Bush said the United States was `` taking a HARD look '' at its option to follow suit .
br-g75:<s snum=21>He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the HARD country of Calabria that he knew so well.
sjm-153:`` Now comes the HARD work , " said Santa Clara County Supervisor Rod Diridon ,  who helped form the Bay Vision 2020 Commission 18 months ago .
sjm-125:Concern about California 's HARD recession `` is something people have n't been talking about but probably should , " said James Murren ,  casino stock analyst at C.J. Lawrence Inc. in New York .
sjm-102:The plotters of the coup were men of the HARD right ,  who wanted to prevent change .
sjm-047:`` We ought to take a good ,  HARD look at the increases we 've given to teachers .
sjm-031:Nadine praised Dorosin for her HARD work ,  and the strong ties she forged between businesses and the chamber .
sjm-168:Here ,  we are building a viable ,  successful immigrant community through HARD work ,  I hope ,  without forfeiting our identity. ''
lob-K1:her mother said in scandalized tones that money was n't everything and thought how HARD her daughter had become .
lob-F3:such HARD and fast divisions of humanity were to come later .
sjm-235:`` What ,  you gotta become a HARD guy when you come to jail ? " the officer retorted .
sjm-247:In the interview ,  Donaldson called on the federal government to take `` a good HARD look '' at whether its encouragement of competition among different securities markets had placed the industry on `` a very slippery slope '' toward a fragmented market that would be difficult to monitor and control .
sjm-224:Through quiet determination and HARD work ,  she rose through the ranks of Fidelity Investments ,  the giant mutual fund company ,  becoming a respected portfolio manager of `` junk '' bonds .
sjm-158:`` He has been likened to Ronald Reagan ,  a populist with no real interest in the details of government and HARD intellectual work , " Sonnenfeldt said .
sjm-060:`` Sometimes you have a HARD head and you play anyway ,  you break the glass ,  then you have to suffer the consequences .
sjm-016:There could be some HARD feelings in this one -- it 's the first time the two teams have met since Calgary defenseman Jamie Macoun broke Buffalo star Pat LaFontaine 's jaw with a high stick Nov. 16 .
sjm-232:`` It 's a HARD ,  rough ride but it 's got a lot of power and it 's amazing how much the aircraft can take .
sjm-161:For years ,  ad makers needed a bright idea ,  HARD work and a little luck to walk away from the Clio Awards show with a golden statuette .
sjm-131:Jones also says that keeping actors in the fold often leads to HARD feelings among the competitors ,  which is why Erlendson is careful to hush up when the competition is mentioned .
sjm-184:They 've got to take a long ,  HARD look at us now. ''
sjm-058:Both the House and Senate had voted separately to lift the counseling ban ,  putting them on a collision course with Bush ,  who throughout his presidency has taken a HARD line on abortion .
sjm-107:`` We 're going to take a HARD look at our operations ,  look at ways to improve our cash flow ,  ways to lower expenses at levels across the board and continue to make significant reductions in the work force , " Harrison said .
sjm-104:The one leadership quality Palumbis lacked ,  he acquired through a HARD lesson during his first three years at Stanford .
sjm-075:I humbly suggest ,  Madam Mayor ,  that you take a HARD look at your priorities .
sjm-275:I'm almost always amazed at the amount of HARD work ,  time ,  energy and money that people will invest in their restaurants when success has very little to do with such mundane things as quality of food .
sjm-111:MUSICAL CHAIRS -- Lawrence Bryan is taking leave as artistic director of the San Jose Chamber Music Society next year ,  but there are no HARD feelings involved .
sjm-171:They 're used to discipline ,  HARD work and surmounting crummy odds .
sjm-124:If I get a little HARD on myself because I'm not doing something right ,  I remind myself that I'm there to have fun. ''
lob-G1:when `` his '' war did not bring victory and booty , a new group of Lords might oust the unsuccessful leaders , and the Commons , who usually supplied the HARD cash , might be bold enough to demand the production of accounts , and even at times the impeachment of the unsuccessful .
sjm-105:Estonians see no hope but foreign pressure for changing Gorbachev 's HARD line against Baltic independence .
sjm-188:`` This is a testimony to their cooperation ,  HARD work and desire to demonstrate their concern for our environment and the health and safety of our community. ''
sjm-206:The most interesting section of `` The Next Century '' has to do with the career of Kazuko Inamori ,  who through HARD work and attention to detail built the spectacularly successful Japanese company called Kyocera ( Kyoto Ceramics )  .
sjm-140:Ford Motor Co. took a long ,  HARD look at acquiring Chrysler Corp. last winter after Ford 's former chairman ,  Donald Petersen ,  carried word that Chrysler would welcome such a move .
sjm-156:The other companies `` expect Altus to do the HARD work , " Garamendi said .
sjm-032:`` It 's been especially HARD on Jewish children .
sjm-109:I'm so HARD on myself that even though I 'd get good responses ,  though I 've been very lucky ,  I 've always wondered .
sjm-199:( check )  Employment histories are also getting a HARDER look .
sjm-126:The BBC-made series takes a HARD and mostly uncensored look at the business of movie-making .
sjm-171:But the HARD truth is that no one really knows how to increase household savings ,  and IRAs don't seem well-equipped for the job .
sjm-142:Said Martin S. Askanas ,  co-owner of United Flowers and a vendor since 1986 :  `` We 've invested in these sites for a long time and now someone else will come and capitalize on our HARD work. ''
sjm-049:But Egypt ,  the only Arab country to have made peace with Israel ,  took a HARD line .
sjm-150:Calling for more resources to help children and urging a long ,  HARD look at how children 's welfare services are provided so the system can be overhauled ,  if necessary ,  Patton said :  ;  `` This should n't happen in our society ,  and it wo n't happen if we do it right. ''
sjm-084:Fruity reds take well to chilling ( if they are n't tannic ,  in which case chilling can make them HARD or bitter )  .
sjm-239:Both stress HARD work .
sjm-039:For one thing ,  radiator hoses are very HARD on your teeth .
sjm-067:They were better live than on record ,  because guitarist Mick Jones gave the songs a HARDER edge .
sjm-041:In a December 1984 `` straight talk '' memo that made him a soulmate of former Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams ,  both as to truthfulness and their approach to the Third World ,  Gates advocated `` HARD measures '' ( air strikes )  vs. `` half measures '' ( the Contras )  to destroy the Nicaraguan military ,  which they viewed as a threat to American influence in the Western Hemisphere .
sjm-272:They don't realize the HARD work that is done for their benefit .
sjm-096:Hop Kiln Napa Gamay had a character similar to the Swan and Duxoup wines ,  but was richer and HARDER and needed lots of time to develop finesse .
sjm-098:Her own talent ,  HARD work and sense of vocation spurred her ,  but two remarkable poetry workshops ,  one with John Holmes ,  the other with Robert Lowell ,  provided the atmosphere she needed as an apprentice to learn and flourish .
sjm-137:About $1 billion of the value came from `` HARD '' assets ( factories ,  offices ,  paper clips ,  personal computers ,  cheese )  .
sjm-194:The group had accused him of `` dogging them , " exchanging HARD looks with other members .
br-g35:<s snum=17>Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial: adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy; a satisfaction in HARD work; the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes; the courage to meet every challenge; the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests.
sjm-228:About a dozen low-income families chosen by the luck of the draw Saturday will get a chance to substitute a year of HARD work for a down payment on houses to be built in Morgan Hill by the Housing Authority of Santa Clara County .
sjm-024:Anne Scitovsky ,  chief of the health economics division at the Research Institute of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation ,  said Hellinger 's estimate on the cost of treating HIV `` makes sense to me ,  but it 's not based on as HARD data as the AIDS estimate. ''
lob-N2:but because I thought of her as HARD and egotistical , I could not believe that she stayed with him simply from affection .
br-l20:<s snum=129>Tim is a good man, HARD working.
br-r07:<s snum=31>She would sometimes even get a little HARD on you, she took you so seriously.
sjm-053:I ask because I know this will happen in the family again ,  and although it may be HARD to believe ,  there were some HARD feelings about the `` disposition. ''
sjm-222:Fixing them is HARD work ,  but is a possible project for the ambitious remodeler .
sjm-201:No HARD feelings ;  James `` Buddy '' Ryan Sr. is gone from the Philadelphia Eagles scene ,  but Junior 's still around .
sjm-158:`` I'm glad that my HARD work can pay off for other people ,  and I have fun too , " she said .
sjm-057:`` You see a more tempered ,  citizen-oriented approach by candidates ,  whereas 10 years ago you may have seen a HARDER line .
sjm-258:Analysts believe some American computer companies will take a long ,  HARD look at getting into the display manufacturing business .
sjm-223:Counseling now shows me that I am a co-dependent ,  but that with HARD work I can pick myself up and become healthy again .
sjm-160:But it is worth the HARD work of making these decisions in order to allow students who find different traditions a meaningful way to show pride in their heritage as well as in their status as members of the class .
sjm-263:Actually ,  that 's when the HARD work begins .
sjm-079:But last week ,  that litany of HARD feelings flowed not from Arabs ' lips ,  but from Israelis ' .
lob-F3:as salvage operations are often attended by considerable HARD work and great risk , the obligation to pay compensation is so obviously based on the principles of justice that payment has been allowed at all times by every civilized country .
sjm-120:( When the whores are hauled off to prison ,  stripped of wigs and makeup in the HARD light of day ,  they look like that ragtag group of Washington hookers marched across a Potomac River bridge by the D.C. police a couple of years ago. )
sjm-161:Just a matter of easing up after 20 years of HARD work .
sjm-137:Yet with rare exceptions ( Philip Morris is one ,  incidentally )  ,  managements still spend most of their time managing what they can touch -- the roughly 10 percent of assets that are `` HARD. ''
sjm-132:I think we should respect the HARD work the committee has done .
sjm-239:Commitment and HARD work are the cornerstones of children 's theater ,  not just for Fread ,  but for the children as well .
lob-K3:I would go into the reading room , where solid silence was packed HARD and green up as far as the bowl of the dome , and walk over , always , to desk D-4 .
sjm-054:`` I had the very HARD impression ( the presentation )  was slanted , " said Ted Terrazas ,  who attended a presentation at Meyer School .
sjm-083:( box )  There are no HARD rules when it comes to the marriage of electricity and horticulture .
sjm-176:A call for reforms ;  But HARD work does n't always mean pay ,  say activists .
sjm-102:`` Kids are not reading enough ;  they 're not taking HARD enough courses .
sjm-102:Sen. Ernest F. Hollings ,  D-S.C. ,  chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee ,  has put the Federal Communications Commission on notice that he expects the FCC to take a HARD look at any request for a waiver to the government 's `` cross-ownership '' rules .
lob-N1:the boy tried to make the age-changing voice sound HARD , and it might have sounded ludicrous had it not been for the reckless chill shimmering in cat-yellow eyes .
sjm-023:The lessons of that book -- that HARD work and loyalty and love will endure in trying circumstances -- are relatively new concepts to children just beginning to read .
sjm-100:But Tyrrell acknowledged ,  `` The trouble with doing all this HARD research is you kind of get back to what Granny used to say. ''
sjm-079:( check )  Congress should halt new grants to the International Monetary Fund and World Bank ,  and demand a HARD balance sheet from each ,  with loans written to market value .
sjm-200:I think it is a commitment to HARD work ,  an aversion to shortcuts ,  a skepticism about utopias ,  an open mind ,  a profound humanity .
sjm-123:President Bush ,  responding to initial reports of Shamir 's acceptance ,  said before leaving Kiev that `` this is bound to be good news for peace in the Middle East ,  and I'm very very pleased that the HARD work of many parties ,  especially our secretary of state ,  looks like it may be coming to fruition. ''
sjm-111:The names are listed on invitations and distributed by BAYMEC -- HARD proof of political support that not long ago was ephemeral ,  whispered or given with winks and nods .
lob-C2:for playing the leading parts of two C.O.'s of a highland regiment are Alec Guinness and John Mills , the one having won the affection of his men by leading them through the war , and the other a HARD , efficient newcomer who is heartily disliked by the majority of the soldiers .
sjm-015:Perhaps I should n't be too HARD on myself .
sjm-187:`` In our view ,  there needs to be a HARD look at how we fund higher education in California , " Hamlett said .
sjm-259:I am repelled by the lack of HARD answers to these questions .
sjm-052:To my knowledge ,  there 's no HARD and fast rule about how many mints you should take upon leaving a restaurant .
sjm-243:Lenders are taking a HARDER look at borrowers before approving home-equity loans or credit lines .
sjm-166:`` Those HARD ,  active words are seldom associated with females. ''
sjm-119:The NAACP has always encouraged HARD work .
sjm-155:Even the short-cruise ships are taking a HARD look at their itineraries. NCL ,  for example ,  has just changed the route of its Sunward II ,  making Key West a port of call on its three-day trips ,  instead of Nassau .
sjm-157:Mauriello was then directed by supervisors to take a long ,  HARD look at the services and supplies estimates her staff made for each county department .
sjm-111:Not like previous fraud ;  In fact ,  even government critics like political pollster Miguel Basanez say they don't expect the PRI to wage the `` HARD fraud '' of elections past .
lob-A1:`` patience and a lot of HARD work , '' she said last night .
sjm-135:The volcanic dust that 's been deposited around is very HARD on jet engines. ''
sjm-097:He believed in HARD work but got his first newspaper simply by asking his father for it .
br-g04:<s snum=56>The aborigine is not deceived; he knows that the land is HARD and pitiless.
sjm-177:With HARD work ,  it succeeded ,  and Henry Ribbs soon became a prominent East Side citizen .
sjm-030:THE Oak Grove School District learned the HARD way that you can't count on San Jose for good city planning when powerful developers take their case to the city council .
lob-N2:Thompson bent a HARD look at the lawyer .
sjm-026:He did n't want players to say things like that ,  because the team can start to draw ranks . . . and it gets the media dredging up HARD feelings that have nothing to do with winning or losing. ''
sjm-154:This country needs to take a HARD look at how it does business and who should be allowed to succeed in the marketplace ,  not what the federal government can do to cover up the failures of a few companies .
br-d05:<s snum=62>``If it gave me pleasure to say HARD things'', he wrote, ``I would shut up forever''.
sjm-043:While Roddick 's HARD edge can be off-putting ,  her principles are endearing .
sjm-092:He spoke aloud of his opinion of NBC News as `` a dinosaur , " an organization whose members seemed to believe themselves part of some priesthood immune to the HARD imperatives of profit and loss .
sjm-077:Keith Hearn of the California Association of Psychiatric Technicians commended Davis for `` taking a HARD line against unilateral cuts .
sjm-082:It was easy to take it as a period piece ,  and apparently there were no HARD feelings all around .
sjm-062:Sure ,  that can lead to a few arguments and HARD feelings .
sjm-087:The evidence supporting the major conclusions of `` Eat Smart '' is HARD and plentiful ,  the guidance it offers important and valuable. ( box )
sjm-045:Never again ;  Speaking of feuds or temperament clashes ,  how about the recent HARD feelings expressed by Art Garfunkel about not being invited to perform at Simon 's Central Park concert ?
sjm-101:Joan Beck is right on target when she says that HARD work and facts are needed to shatter the glass ceiling women experience in corporations ( Commentary ,  Aug. 14 )  .
sjm-185:Freelen would n't reveal the list of candidates but said ,  `` We 've taken a HARD look at 12 to 14 people. ''
sjm-150:Take a HARD look at your own ARM or home-equity line of credit .
sjm-086:She says Hammer should n't have been surprised that the county took a HARD line on the bonds .
br-p04:<s snum=88>He gave a short HARD laugh and looked at her knowingly.
lob-E4:in terms of HARD cash , this is calculated to bring in *+20 to *+25 more profit from every hundred baconers sold , without taking into consideration the streamlining of labour and the simplification of mixing and storage .
sjm-190:THE cut in the short-term prime business-loan rate by major banks puts new light on a key development under way in the national mortgage market :  The price spread between long-term fixed and short-term adjustable-rate mortgages has widened to the point where smart money-shoppers should take a HARD look at adjustables .
sjm-074:`` But trying to put it into HARD points ,  and number of victories ,  that 's really tough . ###
sjm-114:`` The next day ,  I walked in and talked to Coach Seifert ,  and there were no HARD feelings. ''
sjm-060:`` All the windows that I broke as a kid ,  all the things that I broke and she had to pay for ,  she was never a HARD mom .
sjm-161:`` This is one of those instances where merit and HARD work have paid off , " said Judge Gordon Baranco ,  one of Armstrong 's colleagues on the Alameda County Superior Court .
br-b19:<s snum=105>When we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right, when we become HARD enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination, when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own Nation, when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war, and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom, then, and only then will we no longer be ``soft''.
sjm-012:`` The city allowed officers to be overworked so much they became HARD and cold , " Pugh said in an interview last week .
sjm-201:But what does he get for his HARD work ?
br-a43:<s snum=44>Success, for many turnpikes, has come HARD.
lob-A2:yesterday they were backing their fancy with HARD cash , and shares enjoyed their best day for a long time .
sjm-123:Nankin said the board has been taking a HARD look at the symphony 's budget ,  but has made no decisions on what to do if the deficit remains large .
sjm-129:After two years of HARD work ,  Denice decided to call it quits .
sjm-234:The public appears ready to believe that many institutions achieve their athletic goals not through honest effort ,  but through equivocation ,  not by HARD work and sacrifice ,  but by hook and crook. ''
sjm-132:The first women sleuths were so HARD that V.I .
sjm-106:Among defensive backs ,  Todd Bowles ,  David Whitmore ,  Greg Cox and Kevin Lewis will get HARD looks .
sjm-065:That miracle happened to him at Maryland State Prison ,  where he was serving HARD time for assaulting a guard ,  which followed his conviction on weapons-possession charges ,  which followed his earlier manslaughter conviction for killing a man in a knife fight .
sjm-131:Neither industry nor the highway administration has HARD figures to indicate those commutes are growing in length .
sjm-173:That was 12 years ,  a lot of HARD work and $350 , 000 ago .
sjm-206:There are no HARD feelings , " Malone added .
sjm-263:The 32-year-old professional dog handler knows that the secret to producing champions is just plain ,  doggone HARD work .
sjm-213:It 's a day well spent because insurance companies like to have the cold ,  HARD facts when you 're faced with a loss .
sjm-057:`` I can't give you HARD data , " says Loden ,  `` but if you look at who 's moving ahead inside the Fortune 500 companies ,  it 's clear that women are doing better than minorities ,  and that white women are doing better overall than women of color. ''
sjm-227:The video is basically for those of us who find other exercise tapes a bit too demanding ,  owing to a general laziness ,  weakness of character and fear of HARD work on our part .
sjm-259:And you thought the HARD work was behind you .
sjm-246:Residents there can look forward to some HARD work with good social dividends .
sjm-101:The HARD work pays off though ,  Eylar said .
sjm-152:And for anybody who does n't mind a little HARD work .
sjm-180:Sammy hopes all the adult learners stick with the program despite the HARD work .
sjm-105:Then again ,  maybe I have to take a long ,  HARD look at some of the other fragrances on the market .
sjm-114:Weekend fighting between rebels and government forces in Colombia killed 31 people ,  and a newspaper reported Sunday that Colombia 's leftist insurgency had adopted a new HARD line .
sjm-208:It does n't take talent or brains or HARD work .
sjm-239:I hope that somebody has taken a long ,  HARD look at what it could cost in property damage ,  injuries and possibly deaths when kids receive less training than they do today .
t23:But this astonishment of mine was much increased , when some days after , a storm came upon us , and the captain rushed out of the cabin in his nightcap , and nothing else but his shirt on ; and leaping up on the poop , began to jump up and down , and curse and swear , and call the men aloft all manner of HARD names , just like a common loafer in the street .
sjm-184:`` All our HARD work -- gone ! " we cry ,  beating our breasts and knuckling our foreheads .
sjm-115:The young man was a teammate trying to give her a HARD time ,  and the team manager was n't doing much to stop it .
sjm-276:For two centuries ,  we 've done the HARD work of freedom .
sjm-188:But if your broker is regularly changing venues ,  you ought to take a HARD look at whether the fast money means everything to that person -- and whether he or she is getting ahead by generating lots of commissions to earn the title of `` big producer , " at your expense .
sjm-165:The country will only get its money 's worth when it goes through the HARD work of setting priorities .
sjm-222:Bill McCann ,  general manager of the water district ,  said ,  `` If the council were to decide to ask our board to do it ( eliminate restricters )  ,  I'm sure the board would take a HARD look at it. ''
br-b02:<s snum=71>The HARD core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters.
sjm-087:But the lender ( who forecloses )  has the responsibility of selling property and getting the money in a HARD market , " Swinson said .
sjm-061:`` She was a very HARD ,  tough woman .
sjm-085:But he refused to predict whether he would be able to cobble together a governing coalition and said he expects three weeks of HARD bargaining with all the non-socialist parties .
sjm-125:`` It 's HARD on you physically .
sjm-053:The fourth- ,  fifth- and sixth-graders at Sakamoto Elementary School in the Oak Grove School District in South San Jose wanted HARD answers to some tough questions from Hammer during her quick stop there as part of a whirlwind tour of District 10 .
sjm-114:Italy 's decision to adopt a HARD line with its third wave of Albanian boat people appears to be working .
sjm-247:Golden is looking for people willing to do HARD work ,  and we 're having him send you an application .
sjm-116:Talking to reporters in Kennebunkport ,  Maine ,  where President Bush is vacationing ,  White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said :  `` The fact is ,  we don't have HARD information .
sjm-013:Unless some HARD evidence has turned up that free trade in 1992 would have devastating effects ,  we think the delay is unwarranted .
sjm-056:The author ,  a former industrial film maker ,  has the knack of weaving in HARD information about video production without making you feel cornered by a self-absorbed film major .
sjm-049:Syria ,  Israel 's most implacable foe ,  hewed to its traditional HARD line .
lob-B3:the standard , of course , is very different from the HARD , expensive glitter of West Germany .
sjm-022:`` I guess we 'll find out the HARD way ( if circulation does not increase ) . ''
sjm-025:It 's a wonderful mystery ,  which has produced many theories ,  but no HARD answers .
br-b08:<s snum=33>Most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes HARD.
sjm-191:English Professor Herbert Lindenberger feared that humanities departments would suffer the brunt of the budget cuts because ,  unlike the HARD sciences ,  they bring in few overhead dollars .
sjm-130:One of the chief complaints was that the floodlight from the ceiling was too bright ,  its glare HARD on the eyes of council members .
sjm-260:Foreign airlines also are beginning to take a HARD look at their coach class .
sjm-017:To play the hand it has dealt itself ,  the company and the UAW assert that they have pulled together all the HARD lessons learned from the Japanese ,  the consultants and others about design ,  engineering ,  technology ,  manufacturing ,  labor-management relations and `` working smart. ''
sjm-200:Here are these men and women so committed to kids they are willing to take on a second job for peanuts and give up their free time after a HARD day on the regular job and they get a kick in the teeth for it .
sjm-177:`` But sometimes it is HARD work .
sjm-080:Ed Southerland is vice president of Robert Half Co. of Washington ,  a company that finds jobs for financial and accounting people ,  and he defends the stern personnel policies that generate much of his clientele :  ;  `` Somebody 's got to take a cold ,  HARD look at the numbers and move on .
sjm-131:No one ,  in fact ,  defended the content of the series ,  and several speakers from the audience chided the board for not being HARD enough on the textbooks .
sjm-167:All of this is going to require some HARD work and some imagination ,  but for the most part I suspect we 'll enjoy the process ,  as well as the final result .
sjm-134:I want to thank council members Alane Loisel and Gary Mello for their HARD work on the Fremont City Council .
br-b20:<s snum=37>The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany, but the HARD truth, says Crossman, is that ``The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German, as distinct from Russian, troops was a major Communist victory, which dealt West Berlin a deadly, possibly a fatal, blow.
sjm-198:He appears to be a solid citizen who has turned himself into an excellent defensive player through HARD work .
sjm-128:He said Democrats are playing `` straight politics ,  HARD ball , " by showing no willingness to find middle ground on the matter .
br-p19:<s snum=28>If she and Pete were really getting serious, I'd have to do some HARD thinking.
sjm-183:Before you commit yourself to a career ,  you need to take a HARD look at salaries ,  advancement opportunities and the market environments of fields you might choose .
sjm-143:It is tempting to believe ,  as so many Americans do ,  that state legislatures live by Ronald Reagan 's maxim :  `` I know that HARD work never killed anyone ,  but I figure why take the chance ?  ''
sjm-092:But despite the HARD work he put into his companies ,  family members say his first love was fishing ,  an activity he enjoyed best on the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta .
sjm-161:There are few HARD explanations for the wide disparity between men and women .
sjm-052:Sayles ,  never the sunniest of chroniclers ,  here takes a long ,  HARD look at the inner city .
sjm-109:But ,  in American labor politics ,  he identifies with what he imagines to be `` the HARD-line rank-and-file party '' -- unlikely supporters for a compact among labor ,  business and government .
lob-R1:but Howie worked me in after a lot of HARD thinking .
sjm-175:`` And it all happened because of HARD work .
sjm-121:ETC. :  The New York Giants and Mark Bavaro have agreed on a financial settlement that ends HARD feelings between the club and the former All-Pro tight end ,  who was waived because of knee injuries .
br-k28:<s snum=122>She smiled at Winston, and he saw the hateful HARD glitter in her eyes.
sjm-061:Whichever team does n't has a long ,  HARD road .
sjm-222:The work is already HARD .
sjm-051:THE San Jose Museum of Art Auxiliary 's recent debut fashion show luncheon will be a HARD act to follow .
sjm-109:And if California does n't soften its HARD line on mounting business regulation ,  others say ,  the Inland Empire will never attract the strong manufacturing base needed to keep growth intact .
br-l20:<s snum=92>the old gal stared at me with her HARD eyes, said, ``She didn't call.
lob-G8:it can be done , but it needs goodwill and HARD work .
sjm-188:The current recession is causing many chief executives to take a HARDER look at technology spending .
sjm-150:After four years of HARD work ,  I was waiting for this for a long time .
sjm-019:While Bush gave Iran a pat on the back ,  his spokesman struck a HARDER tone .
sjm-247:`` The HARD work is ahead ,  and that is taking advantage of this . . . tragedy and turning it to produce increased stability and security in the Middle East , " Scowcroft said on ABC-TV 's `` This Week With David Brinkley. ''
sjm-227:`` It was HARD work six days a week ,  but it was a great experience and opened doors for me , " said the modest ,  soft-spoken Lam .
sjm-158:The HARD work has included caulking the cracks in the house ,  scraping off old paint and replacing cracked boards .
sjm-234:At the end of his HARD ,  long and especially good day ,  Piniella paid a visit to the Reds ' administrative offices ,  where he quickly was stopped by an autograph-seeking secretary .
sjm-191:Cheney repeatedly refused to say that he had achieved HARD and fast agreements with any of the six countries he visited ,  nor would he reveal any details of his talks .
sjm-033:The new Nintendo `` is going to be a HARDER sell than people originally anticipated , " he said .
sjm-084:The wines have six or seven months in bottle to settle down and gain some harmony ;  they were a bit HARD when they first arrived last spring .
sjm-210:The HARD work and caring is evident ,  by both the carefully prepared meals and the friendly atmosphere .
sjm-234:After all ,  he said ,  there 's HARD work involved -- every volunteer will be expected to attend weekly meetings for six months .
sjm-195:Much of what I learned was no surprise -- the HARD work ,  dedication and enthusiasm of the teaching staff was pretty inspirational stuff to me ,  the jaded business executive .
sjm-086:Years of HARD work and savings often get lost in the process .
sjm-272:That means taking a long ,  HARD look at your spending to see what can be cut .
sjm-101:He was sidetracked by his first real love ,  fancy cars ,  and after years of HARD work found himself the owner of a chain of Bay Area auto body shops that specialized in BMWs and Mercedes .
sjm-033:Writing 's HARD work ,  all right ,  but it does n't take up a lot of Canin 's day .
br-f06:<s snum=26>You are conscientious, HARD working, honest, accurate, a good penman, and a stickler for a job well done, with no loose ends.
sjm-110:I admit that I may be a little HARD on Quayle ,  but should n't we ,  as a nation ,  expect more from our vice president ?
sjm-107:We just can't let HARD work and drive create favorable environments for those willing to make the effort as opposed to those unwilling to do so .
sjm-126:( check )  Those who had Mentors most frequently cited dedication ,  HARD work ,  intelligence and enthusiasm as the characteristics that led to Mentors choosing them .
sjm-057:The next day ,  Flaherty learned the HARD numbers :  Mineta owed $5 , 027 to the congressional dining room .
sjm-191:The report urged lawmakers to take a HARD look at the tax breaks `` whose rationales and objectives are no longer valid or of low priority. ''
sjm-016:Hence the agreement last week ,  after two-day 's HARD bargaining among the community 's foreign ministers ,  to delete any mention of a `` federal goal '' in the draft treaty being prepared for Maastricht in favor of a reference to `` an ever closer union of the states and an administration as close as possible to its citizens. ''
sjm-146:All black people are beneficiaries of special race-based assistance ;  no black succeeds because of family ,  teachers ,  intelligence ,  HARD work or good character .
sjm-119:Affirmative action is there to help people who ,  despite HARD work and drive ,  might not be hired ,  promoted or admitted into prestigious universities because of their gender or race .
sjm-226:President Bush tried to patch up an embarrassing split with his Desert Storm commander Thursday by telephoning Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf to reassure him that there are no HARD feelings .
sjm-031:In these areas ,  they say ,  a little HARD work can truly pay off when it comes time to sell .
sjm-176:Valdiosera 's story can be viewed as the affirmation of the American dream :  Regardless of your origins ,  you can overcome the most difficult obstacles to get what you want through HARD work and determination .
sjm-254:Match the appropriate card with the monitor ( most dealers can get this basic step right )  and ,  above all ,  take a long ,  HARD look at the screen .
sjm-064:There are still no HARD answers to the question of what drove Lewiston ,  a nationally known innovator of lung transplant techniques ,  to such a complicated emotional life .
sjm-042:Her sloppy phrasing was the aural equivalent of a drunk bumping into light poles and garbage cans after a HARD night on the town .
sjm-089:Fed up by that ,  the players union has hired a new front man ,  Bob Goodenow ,  whose negotiating team is taking a HARDER line against the owners than ever before .
sjm-106:Today ,  the Gates sound somewhat dated ,  lacking the emotional force of the `` HARD '' gospel singers ,  but they show a side of gospel that is often overlooked -- its consummate technical expertise and professionalism .
sjm-058:`` There are no HARD feelings , " Humphrey said .
sjm-127:It is the road that might reward HARD work and discipline ,  that might reward intelligence ,  that might be fair and provide equal opportunity .
sjm-152:That 's the HARD truth city council members presented when they passed a $66 million general fund budget for fiscal 1992 that will trim programs and services to make up a $2.5 million shortfall .
sjm-139:The Mercury News publishes a glitzy cover story to highlight its Home section ,  admittedly not a portion devoted to HARD news .
sjm-135:`` At first the guys on the other teams really give me a HARD time , " she said .
sjm-034:`` He also has great strength that he 's developed through HARD work. ''
sjm-153:In a 1960s survey ,  nearly 60 percent of Americans believed `` HARD work always pays off. ''
sjm-119:FLEER :  The players are supposed to `` leap right off '' the cards because of pastel backgrounds that appear to recede inside a HARD green border .
sjm-027:`` Lotteries are moving toward HARDER forms of gambling to deflect criticism from their stagnant sales ,  and states are looking toward HARDER forms of gambling ,  envisioning that they will generate the revenues that lotteries did , " said Michael Jones ,  whose Chicago-based marketing promotion company specializes in gaming .
lob-P2:she had an instant's glimpse of grey eyes , HARD as steel , then his lips were on hers .
sjm-134:`` After this action ,  you 're going to get HARD positions .
sjm-023:But Bellamy 's versatility stemmed from HARD work behind the scenes ,  friends said .
sjm-100:Rosaldo said some crack dealers possess `` Horatio Alger values '' of HARD work and self-reliance .
sjm-050:There was a HARD ,  bitter edge in his voice as he accused federal prosecutors of hounding him while ignoring wrongdoing by white officials .
sjm-257:Take a HARD look at the present successes and failures in your yard ,  especially plants that are suffering from freeze damage .
sjm-144:They see stories of a young man from a broken family who raised himself out of abject poverty with the help of stern but loving grandparents ,  who instilled in him the value of HARD work .
sjm-082:The committee released a memorandum written by Gates in 1984 ,  when he was director of the CIA 's analysis branch ,  advocating a far HARDER line against leftist Nicaragua than the administration was then pursuing .
sjm-137:They like the Democrats better on the `` soft '' issues ;  but until they 're convinced the Democrats are safe on the `` HARD '' issues ,  they wo n't put them in charge of the executive branch .
br-c07:<s snum=19>His tone is the weakest part of his equipment; it tends to be HARD and colorless.
sjm-261:Smith received praise Thursday from school officials ,  fellow trustees and even recall supporters for his intelligence ,  HARD work and diligence .
sjm-131:But with help from Campbell 's office and a year of HARD work ,  he tapped corporate and private donors for $60 , 000 .
sjm-266:But the HARD truth is that for a 55-year-old worker worried about his or her job a goodbye bonus is an offer he or she usually can't refuse .
sjm-182:Today ,  thanks to a lot of industrywide soul searching and HARD work ,  it means something quite different .
sjm-104:If this is what you are doing ,  you should not be billing your clients for HARD work ,  which they can plainly see they are not getting .
sjm-230:`` I want to work very HARD for the next four ,  five years and be able around 65 to say to myself ,  'OK ,  you should slow down.'
lob-E1:not only do we remember them for their great accomplishments in a HARD-working lifetime but we are grateful that they handed on their knowledge to others .
sjm-045:``  'The Torkelsons ' is a lovely show ,  but they 're wedged in between two HARD ,  adult comedies , " he said .
sjm-131:She 's also HARD at work on an autobiography .
sjm-170:But her HARD work and talents earned her the second princess title -- and an invitation from the owner of the Step by Step Dance Group in San Francisco to join the group .
sjm-077:The 1986 was a little HARD and needed a few more years of age ,  but it was the 1987 that stole the show .
sjm-066:NBC News president Michael Gartner said in a statement issued Sunday that the trip was neither `` HARD news nor journalistically significant ,  and we disclosed through on-air credits that facilities and air fare were provided to us. ''
sjm-122:Lean from the HARD work and tanned from the long hours in the sun ,  Gallucci laughs as he describes how he and eight other dredgers filed claims with SP for compensation for the nine days they could not work .
sjm-163:After Apple exceeded $5 billion in sales ,  Graziano said ,  `` we took a HARD look at our business and our position in the industry .
sjm-170:`` I am going to take a HARD look at each operating segment ,  and we may have to do adjustments in particular areas , " Amelio said .
sjm-229:`` Some make a mysticism of this declaration ,  but it is HARD common sense ;  for the lesson you will learn from me is this :  Every kingdom over which we reign must be first formed within us on what I as a bicycle look upon as the common parade ground of individual thought. ''
sjm-278:Authorities have counterattacked with old-fashioned HARD work ,  like piecing together shredded evidence ,  and by developing a corps of their own electronics experts .
sjm-042:The 53-year-old mayor spent nearly $1 million on his re-election -- mostly money from business and downtown interests -- but dropped several percentage points after three months of HARD campaigning .
sjm-100:There is no HARD evidence that the mercury in dental fillings poses any health threat despite concerns raised last year by a Canadian study and a report on `` 60 Minutes , " a government-sponsored panel of experts unanimously said Wednesday .
br-r07:<s snum=7>Arlene had a HARD voice, too, this time.
lob-B3:a dutiful teacher puts his back into his work and is apt to be HARD and unbending .
lob-F1:HARD igneous rocks , such as granite , made serviceable weights , reasonably impervious to moisture and capable of withstanding HARD wear and exposure .
sjm-199:He said that `` on this journey we will reaffirm the values of our ancestors -- HARD work ,  determination ,  will ,  thrift ,  productivity ,  perseverance .
sjm-223:Not only is music essential as a reflection of our culture ,  argues teacher David Anderson ,  it also teaches students the value of HARD work and cooperation ,  raises self-esteem and often translates into higher grades and test scores in subjects more commonly regarded as basic skills .
br-n05:<s snum=106>You're pretty HARD on him''.
sjm-276:Do the HARD work of freedom .
lob-E3:a good old-fashioned breakfast - and really good breakfast dishes are among the most pleasing forms of food - is appreciated by the energetic , as a prelude to a day's walking or climbing or fishing in the holidays , or as a good basis for a day of HARD work ; even on Sunday it is something to sustain you for perusal of the newspapers , though not the best aid to keeping awake during a long sermon .
sjm-146:`` But did he excel by sheer dint of HARD work ? " the Times asked .
sjm-116:`` Doing the play before a sea of very HARD men ,  I felt this eerie kind of power .
sjm-050:I'm HARD on myself .
sjm-102:It 's the culmination of a decade of HARD work and risk-taking by the 31-year-old West Virginia native ,  who has seen six of her songs hit No. 1 on the charts ,  and recently released her seventh album ,  `` Time Passes By. ''
sjm-042:Here are my notes on the wines in the order in which they were tasted :  ;  ( box )  1988 Echezeaux :  Smoky and tasting of brown sugar ,  pretty and lively with HARD tannins ;  closed and young ,  charming but simple and quite forward. ( 90 )  There are 94 acres in this appellation of which DRC owns 11 .
lob-H3:their loyalty and HARD work have greatly contributed to the success of the company .
sjm-074:What makes him different is his profession ;  he 's a big-money ballplayer in the public eye and there are numbers ,  HARD and fast numbers such as 21 and .201 ,  that strongly suggest he 's bringing his problems to work .
sjm-024:Q :  When you were working out your deal at Elektra ,  did you have a HARD time persuading the executives to let you do this album ?
sjm-041:President Bush praised the EC action and said Washington was `` taking a HARD look '' at whether to impose sanctions .
sjm-201:No one has HARD numbers to prove it ,  but language experts insist that more U.S. companies are reaching that conclusion .
sjm-119:Dole urged that the NAACP `` should come back to America ,  where equal opportunity and HARD work are values embraced not only by Judge Thomas ,  but by the overwhelming majority of Americans ,  both white and black. ''
lob-K1:he wanted badly to tell him how sorry he was for the HARD , offhand way he had sometimes behaved to him .
sjm-085:`` A belief in the value of HARD work and industriousness ( is )  the basis for social and economic good , " the report said .
sjm-062:In five years as director of San Jose Repertory Theatre ,  Near has explored provocative topics such as the survival of love in a HARD world ( `` Arms and the Man , " `` Burning Patience '' and `` A Streetcar Named Desire '' all came from that season )  ;  the illusion of success ( that was the year of `` All My Sons , " `` The Rainmaker '' and `` Orphans '' )  ;  and the aftereffects of loneliness ( `` Fences , " `` The Caretaker , " `` Dracula '' and `` The Geography of Luck '' )  .
sjm-030:`` Our people definitely thought it was HARD work ,  but everyone agreed it was worth it , " recalled Sun 's volunteer coordinator ,  Jennifer Sims .
sjm-107:There were no HARD feelings between the Weeds .
sjm-026:`` That 's perfectly OK ,  but it 's HARD on individual people. ''
lob-R1:there were firemen and policemen and ambulances , and the eyes of the spectators were HARD with disaster .
sjm-178:Family members recalled Saturday how ,  with HARD work ,  he was able to successfully re-establish his family .
lob-G8:the American people are now learning the HARD way how difficult it is to act in accordance with cool and rational principles when a supposedly vital national interest is threatened by a dictator with a highly charged weight of public emotion driving him forward .
sjm-222:For millions of readers his name was synonymous with action ,  intrigue ,  suspense and mystery ,  but Greene did not think he had talent ,  just patience and a penchant for HARD work .
lob-H2:after the approval , if I remember the figure rightly , of some seven proposed long-distance routes -LRB-  it was six or seven , or something of that order  -RRB- , which meant a great deal of HARD work for the commission and in surveying on the spot , even now , more than ten years after this work began , none of these long-distance routes is yet completely open to walkers or to horsemen in these beautiful areas .
sjm-132:But for a variety of reasons -- not least among them the liability and the cost of accidents -- several police departments have begun to take a HARDER look at chases ,  particularly for traffic violations .
sjm-100:While the Baltic republics have been planning their independence moves for years and are certain to go ahead ,  `` with the others ,  when they take a good HARD look at the consequences ,  it may cause a lot of the republics to reconsider. ''
lob-N1:`` listen to me , my man , '' he said grimly , as he laid a HARD hand on Fred's arm .
sjm-276:There is no one more devoted ,  more committed to the HARD work of freedom ,  than every soldier and sailor ,  every Marine ,  airman and Coast Guardsman -- every man and woman now serving in the Persian Gulf .
sjm-172:SOLEDAD sits on the floor of a dry ,  flat valley in farm country ,  a cluster of off-white barracks encircled by a high fence ,  under a sun as HARD as the wind ,  bright and relentless .
sjm-038:Shakespeare 's famous tragedy took a HARDER line ,  of course ,  with bodies all over the stage ,  and now Jane Smiley presents us with a new version ,  set on an Iowa farm in 1979 ,  that is ,  in its way ,  as intelligent ,  compelling ,  complex and heartbreaking as his .
sjm-135:But he says the Rand data may persuade doctors to take another HARD look at their chiropractor colleagues .
sjm-094:But then it was ,  'Damn ,  when are we going to get home ?  ' " ;  In cold ,  HARD terms -- five games ,  six weeks and 11 , 590 miles from now .
sjm-276:President Bush asked Americans on Tuesday night to share in the `` HARD work of freedom '' by defeating tyranny in the Persian Gulf and embracing volunteerism and individual initiative at home .
sjm-032:During this recession and HARD economic times ,  I am grateful that I have a steady job that I enjoy .
sjm-236:For all the HARD work and all the pain you go through periodically ,  it is a magnificent profession .
sjm-243:Havemann suggests that consumers who expect to be in their homes for only three to five years take a HARD look at discount-rate adjustables .
sjm-058:`` We 're taking a HARD look at ourselves , " defensive end Pierce Holt said .
sjm-176:`` He was essentially an uneducated man ,  but through HARD work and determination ,  with his wife ,  they became landowners .
sjm-235:But beyond the claims of HARD necessity ,  Wilson has argued that cutting welfare support should be viewed as a beneficial because it will encourage work efforts .
sjm-097:On one level ,  he is stating a HARD truth .
br-g60:<s snum=82>Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul, her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had HARD, probing eyes.
sjm-063:Those only are worth having which come as the result of HARD fighting .
sjm-240:But ,  Baker said ,  `` It is the firm hope and desire and wish of my government ,  of my president that we will not let what could be a historic opportunity pass for want of a willingness to commit ourselves to do the real HARD work of peace. ''
sjm-201:But American 's students had to take a HARD look at their school ,  which programs they would like to keep ,  which ones they can do without .
 sjm-134:He said he had no HARD feelings about losing his post .
sjm-029:In a speech Thursday in Baltimore ,  Shamir took a HARD line on the negotiations with the Arabs ,  saying Israeli needs to hold onto former Arab lands to protect itself against surrounding `` tyrannies and dictatorships. ''
sjm-023:That includes sprint-boat racing ( whatever that is )  ,  as Mike Woodger and Chris Paddon learned the HARD way in Melbourne ,  although neither was injured when the 400-horsepower boat hit an embankment .
sjm-059:`` Investors also need to know that this market is more volatile . . . so they should take a HARD look at the companies before investing , " Collins added .
sjm-224:There is no way I'm wasting an hour driving to S.F. ,  another hour searching for parking ,  after a confusing ,  furious ,  intense HARD day 's work .
sjm-229:`` It 's pretty HARD work , " says Walter .
sjm-182:But Kennedy said he believed the HARD feelings of the campaign had been set aside .
sjm-231:Ohio State 's Jim Jackson ,  who led the team with 19 points ,  said :  `` It 's really frustrating to go out this way after as HARD as we 've worked all year .
sjm-230:`` We think it 's a very major breakthrough , " Schoemehl said ,  `` but the really HARD work still is in front of us. ''
sjm-154:Mrs. Goulart served as the bookkeeper ,  and her husband says her HARD work and attention to detail helped make the store a success .
sjm-092:There were no HARD feelings ,  though .
sjm-235:Plans to renew grazing leases ;  It also will take a HARD look at a profitable sideline business -- the leasing of 30 , 000 acres to cattle ranchers for grazing .
sjm-244:Several members of the subcommittee ,  however ,  said the government should take a long ,  HARD look at the future of the plane .
sjm-242:Without ever raring back and letting go with the HARD stuff ,  Harris opened the stakes for a starting job with a fine performance before a crowd of 8 , 087 .
